Release news for 3.6 (#28403)
openssl/openssl: NEWS.md

 - [OpenSSL 1.0.0](#openssl-100)
 - [OpenSSL 0.9.x](#openssl-09x)

OpenSSL 3.6
-----------

### Major changes between OpenSSL 3.5 and OpenSSL 3.6 [02 Sep 2025]

This release incorporates the following potentially significant or incompatible
changes:

  * Added EVP_SKEY implementation for key derivation using functions:
    `EVP_KDF_CTX_set_SKEY`, `EVP_KDF_derive_SKEY`, and `EVP_PKEY_derive_SKEY` to

>     the legacy prvodier suitable for use with KEYEXCH and KDFs.

Reviewer: typo: prvodier

 - [OpenSSL 1.0.0](#openssl-100)
 - [OpenSSL 0.9.x](#openssl-09x)

OpenSSL 3.6
-----------

> ### Major changes between OpenSSL 3.5 and OpenSSL 3.6 [02 Sep 2025]

Reviewer 2: Please revert this change. It is being done automatically by the release scripts.

This release incorporates the following potentially significant or incompatible
changes:

  * Added PCT for key import for SLH-DSA when in FIPS mode

  * Added FIPS 140-3 PCT on DH key generation

  * Added NIST security categories for PKEY objects.

>   * Added EVP_SKEY implementation for key derivation using functions:
>     `EVP_KDF_CTX_set_SKEY`, `EVP_KDF_derive_SKEY`, and `EVP_PKEY_derive_SKEY` to
>     the legacy provider suitable for use with KEYEXCH and KDFs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Added support for EVP_SKEY opaque symmetric key objects to the key 
    derivation and key exchange provider methods. Added `EVP_KDF_CTX_set_SKEY()`, 
    `EVP_KDF_derive_SKEY()`, and `EVP_PKEY_derive_SKEY()` functions.
```

Also we are missing a respective entry in CHANGES.md for this addition.

  * Added support for FIPS 186-5 deterministic ECDSA signature
    generation to the FIPS provider.

>   * Deprecated EVP_PKEY_ASN1_METHOD related functions.

Author: I don't like the hyphen, but added code format

  * Added support for FIPS 186-5 deterministic ECDSA signature
    generation to the FIPS provider.

  * Deprecated `EVP_PKEY_ASN1_METHOD` related functions.

OpenSSL 3.5
-----------

> ### Major changes between OpenSSL 3.5.0 and OpenSSL 3.5.1 [under development]

Reviewer 3: This date DOES need updating. The release scripts only update the date at the top of the file. This file should essentially be the same as the 3.5 CHANGES.md up until the most recent 3.5 release below here. Once 3.6 final is out we no longer update this section, but until then we should do

Reviewer 3: Yes, more or less. I would probably only include the changes up until 3.5.2 since 3.5.3 has not actually been released yet. We will evetually need to update this with any additional 3.5.x releases that are made before the final 3.6 release is made - but not for the 3.6 alpha.

We should do similar updates in the CHANGES.md file.
